I don't want to sell.
Because I want to fulfill my father's last wish.
My father treated a special patient.
But even death could not cure him.
So even if medical management is not good
Cannot operate normally.
I don't want to sell him either.
Please everyone give your comments.
So you want to buy this tube of clothes.
We must cure him first.
Okay, if you cure him.
I immediately signed the transfer agreement for you.
Mr. Wook, he has graduated.
Very compliant
I know.
Can't use for a few days.
He is tired of everything and will usually eliminate it.
So the cause is poison.
How is that possible?
Can be poisoned by such a tough person.
It's not easy to come clean about who you are.
Fast thinking brother
I'm going. I'm Ta Huy.
What, you were allies that year.
The second all-powerful leader Ta Huy